フランス戦線で赤い三角形[YMCAのマーク]を身につけたい運転手と整備士を求めます∽176
アイテム
176
1
東京大学大学院情報学環図書室/附属社会情報研究資料センター
外務省情報部が収集・所蔵していた資料で、旧新聞研究所の何初彦教授によって収集・受け入れられた資料。
フランス戦線で赤い三角形[YMCAのマーク]を身につけたい運転手と整備士を求めます
-
1065
715
デジタル化済
13絵画・版画・ポスター・図案・地図・書画
Drivers and motor mechanics wanted to wear the Red Triangle behind the lines in France. If you are a red blooded American over 31 years of age --If you are a good driver, a first class motor mechanic, a welder, an ignition expert or a general repair man --If your health is sound and your nerve one hundred percent--If you long to lend a helping hand to the glorious lads who are holding Uncle Sam’s ever widening battle front against the Hun in France--If you are so truly eager to help that you will gladly brave the hell of war to make our soldiers’ job a happier, easier one, and their victory more certain --If you want to strike the Hun on his weakest side by building up the moral power of the men who are defending the world against his lawless villainy --Here’s your chanceThe Y.M.C.A. needs drivers and mechanics for its motor truck transport system overseas--men with the stuff of heroes in their blood--men who can take all the fighters’ risks without fighting, for the highest of all motives--service to others.It need lots of them and it needs them now. The Y.M.C.A. will pay their expenses and provide for their dependents.Full particulars of the work can be had at any time from the Automobile Dealers Association, Room 2 Northwest, Hotel Woodward Annex, Broadway at 55th Street, New York. (Office hours 9 A.M. to 5 P.M., Saturday 9 A.M. to 12 Noon.)A Committee of the Association will interview applicants on Monday, July 29th, Tuesday July 30th, and  Wednesday July 31st, 1918, between the hours of 10 A.M. and 5 P.M. at the same address.Come forward, men--God and humanity call you. The Kaiser forbids you. Whose orders do you take?（フランス戦線で赤い三角形[YMCAのマーク]を身につけたい運転手と整備士を求めますさあ、あなたのチャンスだ）
印刷所:-
募集（兵士以外）
アメリカ
Y.M.C.A. / Automobile Dealers Association
凸版
活版／写真製版
-
3色
墨、オレンジ、カーキ
