食料と戦争！∽265
アイテム
265
1
東京大学大学院情報学環図書室/附属社会情報研究資料センター
外務省情報部が収集・所蔵していた資料で、旧新聞研究所の何初彦教授によって収集・受け入れられた資料。
食料と戦争！
-
746
506
デジタル化済
13絵画・版画・ポスター・図案・地図・書画
Food and the War!American Wheat to Win!“If food fails, we cannot hold out.”“Send food and we will win through.”Supplying food is America’s prime responsibility in the war right now. Food means, first of all, wheat. The next two months will tell-Wheat is the test!France, England, Italy and striken Belgium stake their existence on America’s food resources - on her Wheat, above all. Coarse grains to mix in their war bread - corn, oats, rice, and other cereals - they need also. These we are sending- millions of bushels - and can continue to send from our surplus. Of wheat alone there is not surplus- we can send wheat only as we save it. We must send it. Providing food to maintain the Allies is a national obligation that everyone of us is pledged to redeem. Wheat is the test!Thus far we have not saved enough.Month by month- week by week- because of various hindrances, we have sent overseas less than the needed quotas. Week by week- day by day- we have eaten into our reserve stock of wheat. There is no more leeway now. We must save what we send hereafter; we must send henceforth all the Allies need. In our saving or selfishness is bound up success or collapse of the cause. Our saving or selfishness will be our triumph or shame.Wheat is the test.Food will win the war. Food at this season means, first of all, wheat. Russia crumbled in a food crisis; Italy wavered in dread of hunger. If food suppliers fail, no flesh can stand against Germany’s war machine. America’s food resources alone can save and defend the Allies. Wheat is the test.Follow directions.Cut the use of wheat to the limit. House holds keep within an allowance of one and one-half pounds of wheat four per week for each person. Many homes are using none at all. Public eating places keep within an equal allowance for every 21 meals served. Many hotels and restaurants are using no wheat at all. Every purchase of flour to be accompanied by at least equal weight of other cereals. Purchases to be limited in quantity. Beyond this- your country asks it- let all save more who can.Save what, meat, sugar and fats!Conserve all foods!Waste nothing!Wheat is the test!（食料と戦争！勝利のためのアメリカ産小麦！もし食料で失敗したら、われわれは持ちこたえることが出来ない食料を送ろう、そしてそれを通じて勝利しよう今までわたしたちは充分に食料を節約してこなかった小麦は試金石だ指示に従おう）
印刷所:The Carey Printing Company New York
節約／増産（食糧・物資）
アメリカ
U.S. Food Administration
凸版
活版
-
2色
赤、青
