我々には自分たちを護ってくれる軍隊が必要だ∽358
アイテム
358
1
東京大学大学院情報学環図書室/附属社会情報研究資料センター
外務省情報部が収集・所蔵していた資料で、旧新聞研究所の何初彦教授によって収集・受け入れられた資料。
我々には自分たちを護ってくれる軍隊が必要だ
-
591
417
デジタル化済
13絵画・版画・ポスター・図案・地図・書画
The Boys in the picture carry Flags.The American Flag is Our Flag.It is called “The Stars and Stripes.”Its other name is “Old Glory.”We call it “The Star-Spangled Banner. ”The British Flag is called “The Union Jack.”The French Flag is called “The Tri-Color.”That means “three colors.”The colors of all these Flags are Red, White and Blue.The Belgian Flag is Black, Orange and Red.The Italian Flag is Red, White and Green.By Courtesy of The Red Cross Magazine.Belgian Children Flag BearersThere are many flags in many lands.These are flags of every hue,But there is no flag, however grand,Like our own Red, White and Blue.We shall always love the Stars and Stripes,And we mean to be ever trueTo this land of ours and the dear old flag,The Red, the White and the Blue.－SelectedWe need an army to protect us.We reassert our conviction that without national preparedness for defense there is no safety. Therefore we favor the early adoption of Universal Military Training as a permanent national policy.We denounce all organization that attack constitutional government, that appeal to the disloyal, that seek class advantage or selfish interest, that engender strife or division among our people, as hampering the success of cause, as weakening our power, and as giving aid and comfort to our enemies.“No sense of justice, no desire of peace, no kindness of heart can turn aside the inexorable decrees of the powers that mean war. It has been proven that no great nation avoids war and establishes a permanent form of government without an armed power to sustain it.”－George Washington.This country of ours is worth our thought, our care, our labor, our lives. What a magnificent country it is! What a republic for the people, where all are kings! It speaks to every boy in the land, black or white, rich or poor, and asks him to come up higher.Is not a republic like that worth the tribute of our conscience? Is it not entitled to our best thought, our holiest purposes? Let us pledge ourselves to give it our loyal service and support until every man, black or white, shall be protected in all the rights which the Constitution of the United States bestows on him.－Wm. P. Frye.When thou shalt besiege a city a long time, in making war against it to take it, thou shalt not destroy the trees thereof by forcing an axe against them; for thou mayest eat of them, and thou shalt not cut them down, for the tree of the field is man’s life.－Deuteronomy xx, 19.By Courtesy of the University of the State of New York.Trees cut down by the Germans.“The Commanding General earnestly exhorts the troops to abstain with most scrupulous care from unnecessary or wanton injury to private property and he enjoins upon all offers to arrest and bring to summary punishment all who shall, in any way, offend against the orders on this subject.”－R. E. Lee.Arbor Day, no less than Flag Day, has for you its call to patriotic service. It has been said
印刷所:-
戦意昂揚
アメリカ
The National Security League
凸版
凸版・写真製版
-
1色
墨
