W.S.S.［戦時貯蓄切手]のすべて∽65
アイテム
65
1
東京大学大学院情報学環図書室/附属社会情報研究資料センター
外務省情報部が収集・所蔵していた資料で、旧新聞研究所の何初彦教授によって収集・受け入れられた資料。
W.S.S.［戦時貯蓄切手]のすべて
-
608
477
デジタル化済
13絵画・版画・ポスター・図案・地図・書画
All About W.S.S.What are they?They are War Savings Stamps issued by the United States Government.They are of two kinds 填nited States thrift stamps (25￠ each)United War Savings Stamps ($4.12 to $4.23 each, depending upon the month in which you purchase them). Sixteen U.S. Thrift Stamps plus twelve cents in cash in January, 1918 (for each succeeding month in 1918 the price will be increased one cent), will purchase a War Savings Stamp, which, when affixed to a war savings certificate, is the guarantee of the Government and the people of the United States o repay on January 1, 1923, the full amount with interest at 4 per cent compounded quarterly. The U.S. thrift card is a pocket - size card given free of charge to purchase of U.S. Thrift Stamps. War Savings Stamps are as safe as the United States.Why should I buy them?Because we are at war.Because ・the more we save, the more labor and material will be available for the use of the Government and for the support of our army. Because ・we must have dollars as well as men in the fight for freedom.Because ・they establish the soundest and simplest basis of saving, which is the key to individual success.Because ・there is no safer investment in the world.Because ・War Savings Stamps must increase each month in value.How can I buy them?As simply as buying postage stamps.This is the simplest security ever offered by a great government to its people. Any man, woman, or child who can save twenty-five cents can obtain at any post Office or Bank a U.S. Government Thrift Stamps and a Thrift card to which to attach it. This starts you as an investor, and puts you behind the Government.When shall I buy them?Buy them now!Because the cost increases one cent each month after the 31st of January, 1918. The sooner you buy them the less they cost. The price of War Savings Stamps is $4.12 in January, 1918, and increases one cent each month until in December, 1918, when the price is $4.23/ The cost is as follows:Jan…$4.12 Feb…4.13 Mar…4.14 Apr.…$4.14  May…4.16 June…4.17  July…$4.18  Aug.…4.19  Sep.…4.20  Oct.…$4.21  Nov.…4.22  Dec.…4.23No commissions are charged to you, or paid to anyone.Our soldiers and sailors may give their lives; you are asked only to lend your money.Where can I buy them?At post offices, banks, trust companies, and many other authorized selling agencies.Every stamp helps to save a life.Every stamp helps to end the war.W.S.S.Washington StampsIssued by the United States Government（W.S.S.［戦時貯蓄切手]のすべてそれらは何ですか？合衆国政府によって発行される戦時節約切手です。なぜそれらを購入すべきなのですか？なぜならわれわれは戦時下に置かれているからです。どのような方法で購入することができるのですか？郵便切手を買うのと同じで簡単です。いつ購入したらいいでしょうか？今すぐに買いなさい！！！どこで購入できるのでしょうか？郵便局、銀行、信託会社、その他多数の公認販売代理機関です。切手一枚一枚が一個の命を救うのです。切手一枚一枚が戦争を終結に導くのです。合衆国財務省W.S.S.　戦時貯蓄切手　合衆国政府発行）
印刷所:Government Printing Office
戦時貯蓄/切手
アメリカ
U.S. Treaasury Department
平版
平版
活版清刷り
2色
藍、墨
