目覚めよ、そしてアメリカを守るのだ∽356
アイテム
356
1
東京大学大学院情報学環図書室/附属社会情報研究資料センター
外務省情報部が収集・所蔵していた資料で、旧新聞研究所の何初彦教授によって収集・受け入れられた資料。
目覚めよ、そしてアメリカを守るのだ
-
579
416
デジタル化済
13絵画・版画・ポスター・図案・地図・書画
Awake and Safeguard America.Salute to the FlagFlag of our republic whose stars and stripes stand for bravery, purity, truth and union, we salute thee! We the children of the land who find rest under the folds, we pledge our lives, our hearts and our sacred honor to protect thee, our country, and the liberty of the American people, forever!Isabel A. EnnisUnder the Red, White and BlueFights Our Army, for Me and for You.This is the golden age - the age of opportunity to do for mankind. Ours is the rare privilege to aid in the reincarnation of the national soul and the advancement of civilization, and in this you, yes each and every one of you, have a part. Let not opportunity call in vain nor any of us fail of place upon the roll of honor. - S. S. Menken, Pres. Nat’l Sec. League.“We join ourselves to not party that does not carry the flag and keep step to the music of the Union.” - Rufus Choate.Americanism is a question of spirit, conviction and purpose, not of creed or birthplace. - Theodore Roosevelt.Our soldiers are fighting to save us. Little children in France and Belgium had their homes burned down. The fathers and mothers of many of them were killed. They were driven out of their own country. They are cold and hungry and ragged and unhappy. Some of them go to school in cold cellars. They are always in danger of being killed. Our soldiers fight to keep us safe. They don’t want us to be burned out of house and home. Little children can’t fight. But they can be good soldiers in some ways. Soldiers stand straight and sit straight. They hold their heads up and look honestly at everyone. Little children can do so, too. Soldiers get strong by working hard in the open air. Children can work in gardens; they can sell W.S.S. and run errands and get strong by this work in the open air. Soldiers are respectful and obedient. They do at once what they are told to do. Children can obey their captain, the teacher and their colonel and lieutenant-colonel, father and mother. If the teacher had monitors, the children can think of them as corporals. Soldiers eat plain food and do not complain. Children can do the same and save food for the soldiers. Every child is a little soldier of Uncle Sam.The People of the United StatesA. Race in the United States (their diversity of origin pointing to the necessity of national unity.)1. British (English, Scottish, Welsh).2. Irish.3. Germanic (Germans, Dutch, Norwegians, Danes, Swedes, Swiss).4. Latin Races (Italian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Rumanian and French-Canadian).5. Hebrews. 6. Slaves (Bohemian, Poles, Croats, Servians, Lithuanian, Russians, Slovaks, Slovenes).7. Asiatic (Hindoo, Chinese, Japanese, Malay).8. Negro.9. Non-classified
印刷所:-
戦意昂揚
アメリカ
The National Security League
凸版
活版
-
2色
赤、藍
